Thanks let's go oh no no no no this
can't go out like this no way hold on we
need to fix this just wait over there
wow we fantastic the color the texture
Devon you're gonna steal the show very
Tim great hold try not to make funny
celebrity contact your trip we know
Jimmy Choo go okay take the necklace off
and make it into a belt
I need a sower so the belt onto the back
Chris shows at let's take her out of
line we can't all right your call
incredible
breaking him
what a star
gibsonia we have a problem I don't
control the weather it was torrential
out what I landed you're lucky my plane
didn't get off the runway and we're back
with another judge Marco please the
posted show is off to a stunning start
and rumors are flying that Sonya stone
will be queer all work it's not tailored
for me of course it it's doc builded
base of the measurements la tía sent
over he must have misread them it's a
signature piece sack there's been a
mistake the dress needs to be let out it
can't be I can fit into it mr. Posen
it's about your design not about the
girl rainin
her all right we have four minutes
people let's go you've got to be kidding
it we need the entire hair team here now
Rayna it's sink or swim this is your
moment
would you buy